Add GQL status to `RuntimeUnsupportedWarning` (#152)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications/all-notifications.adoc

m|UNSUPPORTED
|===

======
[.include-with-GQLSTATUS-code]
======

[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|GQLSTATUS code
m|01N40
|StatusDescription
a|warn: runtime unsupported. The query cannot be executed with `$preparser_input1`, `preparser_input2` is used. Cause: `$msg`.
|Severity
m|WARNING
|Classification
m|UNSUPPORTED
|===
======
=====

> ==== Example of an unsupported runtime for the given query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Example of a runtime not supported by a Cypher command
```

----
SHOW INDEXES YIELD *
----

======
[.include-with-GQLSTATUS-code]
======
Query::
+
[source,cypher]
----

> CYPHER runtime=pipelined SHOW INDEXES YIELD *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EXPLAIN CYPHER runtime=pipelined SHOW INDEXES YIELD *
```
There is a missing EXPLAIN above as well.

----

Returned GQLSTATUS code::
01N40

Returned Status Description::
warn: runtime unsupported.

> The query cannot be executed with `runtime=pipelined` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query cannot be executed with `runtime=pipelined`, `runtime=slotted` is used.
```

Reviewer: We can also add the other example:

Parallel runtime does not support write queries
`EXPLAIN CYPHER runtime=parallel CREATE (n)`
The returned GQLSTATUS code will be the same.

I wonder if we can rename the example headings to remove the "An example of" part.

> Cause: `PIPELINED`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cause: `Pipelined does not yet support the plans including `ShowIndexes`, use another runtime.`.
```

This is what I get if I actually run the query above

Suggestions for improvement::
Use a different runtime or remove the runtime option to run the query with the default runtime:
+
[source,cypher]
----
SHOW INDEXES YIELD *
----
======
=====

[#_neo_clientnotification_statement_runtimeexperimental]
=== RuntimeExperimental

> [WARN]

Author: I don't know whether it is a correct decision to add a warning here. But there is no GQL status for this notification. At the same time it's in use in versions prior 5.14, so we can't just remove it

> [WARN]

Author: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
```

Reviewer: Yes, I think NOTE is better than WARNING.
